can we see we can we hear me
as always the very first thing
to come out of my mouth on one of these
streams
hello
if we can be seen and heard
awesome great fantastic
I'm Brittany this is Wei ying and
welcome to gay watch where we watch gay
things we continue to read Moda Sushi
volume 3 today we are on
I believe it's what part two of chapter
12. we're right before a lot of
um
really really sad things
are about to happen I I have seen the
Untamed I have not read this book so
this is more of a reading reaction type
thing as opposed to any kind of like
professional reading experience or audio
audiobook situation
and we were we were at page 123 it's
part two of chapter 12 which is sendu
which people pointed out in the chat on
Tuesday that Sandu is the name of Jing
Chung's sword
um and the second I read that in the uh
in the chat afterwards when I went back
and I read everything I was like oh yeah
he even says that in even I remember
reading that out loud during that stream
and yet my brain did not connect
so that's pretty much the vibe of these
streams if you're new we always give
people a couple of minutes to come in uh
get the notification that gay watch is
live and come on in that's going to be a
little bit shorter of a window this time
since we're getting somewhat of a late
start my back needed a little bit extra
time to actually you know loosen up and
let me sit comfortably
um but fortunately that actually seemed
to have had a tremendous effect we may
not need a break so we we may make up
the 10 15 minutes by not having a break
today and just going straight on through
we'll play it by ear we're very casual
around here
meanwhile in the chat it is just a uh
what what is it this is a cornucopia of
familiar names
I think the only
there are but there are still a couple
of new people or at least people whose
uh names I don't recognize on YouTube
because everybody has a different name
everywhere different name on patreon a
different name on Discord or different
names everywhere
um but I want to shout out ostrich
duster because that's an amazing name to
go by anywhere
i j you have my Applause that's
fantastic
all right
oh thank you couscous also because
chapter 12 is called Sandu what Sandu
the three poisons right and I was also
gonna be like I don't get the three
poisons part yet but at least we have
senu
um couscous just popped up with um
three poisons is a Buddhist phrase for
the root of all turmoil greed anger
ignorance you know so that's delightful
thanks couscous
we really um that really sets everything
up
for what I'm presuming we're going to
read today
uh let me just see if it's as so far
it's been very conveniently divided into
parts and because we read about 40 pages
and it's always been like right on a
part one a part two a new chapter or
something so let me see if that same
thing is gonna happen today
activities three you know yeah it is
we're gonna finish yeah we're gonna
complete we should complete part two of
chapter 12 today which will land us at
chapter 13. yeah that should be a thing
that happens
all righty
yes it is very much BCE it is it is it
is time to suffer If part two covers
what I think it does and
it absolutely will
sometimes give me one second
to pull
a window
over the Stream
so that I can't see me
but I could see the chat
so of course the window takes forever to
pull up
but once we do that we're going to Dive
Right In to a lot of pain and heartbreak
I hope we're all in need of like a good
cry you know
because that's that's exactly
that's exactly the vibe
alrighty oh yeah yeah I knew what we
were reading today is there a tissue or
paper product within five feet of Me no
so this is how prepared we like to be a
gay watch
anyway let us begin
page 123
chapter 12
part two
the little boat flowed Downstream with
the current it was some time before
zidion loosened its grip and transformed
back into a silver ring on Jing Chung's
hand
having yelled the entire way their
voices had long since gone hoarse
they said not a word after being
released from The Binding but
immediately began to sail back to where
they'd come from
they had no oars so they paddled with
their hands
against the current
Madame you had said he wouldn't recover
from the lashes he'd taken for at least
a month but in that moment way wishan
felt like his ability to move was barely
affected at all
he could push past the Searing stinging
pain in in the areas where the Lash had
hit
with a burst of energy only felt by
those on the brink of death they paddled
desperately
finally more than two hours later
paddling their boat with nothing but
their bare hands they made it back to
Lotus Pier
it was already deep into the night
we're already um
yeah yeah yeah you know this is it this
is um this is really it
we're just going to um we're going to
take a second we're gonna realize
how much of the it that it is while I
turned down
the air conditioning in my house
because I'm going to get I'm about to
get just
real emotional and worked up and the
last thing I need to do is sweat on
camera so
okay
the main gates of lotus Pier were
tightly shut and the area outside was
bright with lights
fragments of Moonlight shimmered on the
crystalline Waters where dozens of large
colored lanterns shaped like nine petal
lotuses floated quietly by the dock
everything was the same as it had been
and that was precisely what magnified
their unease to the point of agony
the two paddled in and stopped when they
reached the center of the lake
their hearts pounded wildly while they
sat there in the water they didn't
approach the dock nor did they dare Rush
ashore to check on the situation Outside
Inside
's eyes weld with hot tears and his arms
and legs were shaking
after a long while weibusan said let's
not enter from the front Gates
managed an unsteady nod both of them
soundlessly paddled the boat to the
other side of the lake
there was an old willow tree rooted on
the bank with a thick sturdy trunk that
slanted over the water and branches that
trailed onto its surface
the boys of lotus Pier would often walk
along the trunk of this particular
Willow Tree to sit and fish from the
treetop
[__] brutal [__] brutal that's
brutal
mxtx that's brutal it was already bad
enough she she painted you know a little
pretty picture of lotus Pier at night
before and then she's just digging in
with
sentimental activities as they approach
something
that's vicious
the two stopped the boat behind the
Weeping Trails of the Old Willow and
headed ashore under the cover of the
night and the Willows branches
Han who was used to climbing over walls
tugged to Jing Chung this way he
whispered
was overwhelmed with Terror and alarm he
could barely keep his bearings as he
followed Wei Wu Shan and press close to
the wall creeping low for a moment
before silently scaling it there was a
row of sculptures in the shape of Beast
heads lining the top of the wall which
made it a suitable spot for spying
in the past they were always the ones
being peaked at by people who'd sneakily
scaled the walls but now they were the
ones peeking in
weibusan craned his neck to look
immediately his heart sank
rows and rows of people stood in Lotus
Piers drilling grounds all wearing
blazing sun uniforms with flames
embroidered on their collars lapels and
sleeves the Flames were a glaring
blood-like shade of red
in contrast to those standing there were
also many sprawling and prone
the Fallen ones had already been moved
to the northwest corner of the drilling
grounds all piled together in a
haphazard Heap
one person stood with his back to
weibusan and zhangjong
his head was lowered as if he was
inspecting the pile of Jang disciples
whether those people were alive or dead
weibusan and Zhang Chung couldn't tell
Jane Chung was still frantically
searching for the figures of yuzuwon
instantly teared up he saw a number
we're fine he saw a number of familiar
faces
in that pile of disciples
his throat was dry and painful
his temples felt as if they had been
slammed with hammers and he felt cold
all over
he didn't dare think about Jang fengmian
and use you won
just as he was about to take a closer
look to determine whether the skinny boy
sprawled at the very top really was
lucidity
the person standing at the northwest
corner turned around seeming to sense
something
way wishan immediately pressed Zhang
Chen's head down and lowered his own
although he ducked in time he still got
a clear look at the person's face
it was a young man about the same age as
them he was tall and thin with fine
delicate features his jet black eyes
were a stark contrast to his ghastly
pale skin although he was wearing a
blazing sun uniform he did not have an
imposing aura about him oh my God
if anything he looked a little too
refined and gentle the particular sun
patterning on his robes marked His
official rank as one of the when Clan's
young masters
weirushan's heart jumped into his throat
where we spotted should we make a break
for it or are we still in the clear
just then the sound of delicate of
delicate weeping Rose from within the
enclosing wall
amid the sound of footsteps a man
comforted in a gentle voice stop crying
your face is all stained
hey Wu Shannon James were both very well
acquainted with this voice it was Wen
Chao
Wang Ling Jones simpering soon followed
will you not like me anymore if my face
is all stained
how could that be when chow coaxed it's
like Jojo no matter I'll like Jojo no
matter what JoJo look looks like
[__] you are already combing through
your you know mental Rolodex of cuties
back in [__] shishan who you can
replace her with don't bring me none of
this [__] we [__] know anyway
foreign
had worked herself up into quite a state
I was really so so scared today I really
thought that [__] would kill me and I'd
never see you again when gong ji I
when child seemed to have hugged her
stop obsessing over it zhajao
everything's over now fortunately when
julieu protected you
don't bring him up wingling gel whined
angrily that went Julio I hate him if he
hadn't come so late I wouldn't have
suffered so much my face still hurts so
so much
good
she was clearly the one who had
previously dismissed when Julie ordering
him to stay out of her sight
getting beaten was her own doing but she
was once again twisting the narrative
When Chow loved seeing her play the
aggrieved Coquette
oh sorry hang on a little bit of tea
came back up there Jesus
no no ow here let me rub it's fine if
you don't like him but you must contest
his patience that guy's got remarkable
cultivation my father said many times
that he's a rare Talent so I'm hoping I
can still use him for a few more years
Wang Ling Zhao still refused to concede
Talent so what SEC leader Wen has so
many renowned cultivators and so many
talents under his command thousands of
them don't tell me he can't do without
him in that count
she was hinting that when chow should
punish one julieu to appease her anger
When Chow chuckled he might dote on Wei
Ling Zhao but not enough so to punish
his own bodyguard for a woman's sake
after all when Julio had thwarted
countless assassination attempts on him
furthermore he was a tight-lipped man of
few words and would never betray his
father which meant he would never betray
Wen Chao either
such a loyal and Powerful bodyguard was
a rarity
sensing that he was dismissing her
whining Wang Ling Zhao added look at him
he's a nobody just you're subordinate
and yet so arrogant you wouldn't even
let me slap that you [__] earlier she
was already
she was already dead just a corpse he
looks down on me doesn't that mean he
looks down on you too
so like
in my mind it was gonna be pretty
difficult
to get that same visceral
feeling
as what happens in the Untamed
when they just casually pan
over the bodies
to focus
on you know these two [__] idiots I
was like that's that's a real trick
that's a real visual thing
how do you communicate that
in
a book
necessarily how do you get that across
I gotta say that's pretty that I'm
that's how that's how that's how you do
that yeah
oddly enough that's how you do that it's
just
in dialogue and she's talking about
having slapping her
it just drops it just drops mid dialogue
foreign
[__] [__]
I don't even
yeah okay
lost his grip and slid down the wall way
wishen definitely grabbed him by the
back of his collar and stopped his
descent hot tears brimmed in their eyes
the drops rolled down their cheeks
splashed onto the back of their hands
onto the ground
had fought with Madame you before he
went out this morning the last words
that had passed between them had not
been gentle or Pleasant he wondered if
they'd managed to see each other one
last time and if Jing fengmin had a
chance to say even one word more
to Madame you
when Chao was completely unconcerned
that's just him being eccentric talking
about how an honorable person may be
killed but not humiliated he's the one
who did all the killing so what's with
the point of spouting that scholarly
stuff
exactly Wang Ling Zhao agreed what a
hypocrite
Wen Chao who loved to hear her agree
with him laughed happily
that [__] deserved it Wang Ling jugg
loaded again she used her family's power
and influence to force that man to marry
her and look how that turned out what
good did Mary s do
didn't like her
laughed at The Forsaken wife behind her
back for 10 years and she still didn't
take the hint rather than take it down a
notch she just kept on being arrogant
and domineering she deserved an end like
this
um
really when child wondered the woman was
quite attractive why didn't Jing
fengmian like her you know sometimes
there's a little more just a little more
to liking someone
than how hot they are just a little bit
you know and I have pockets of myself
that are admittedly shallow but like
just a little bit just a little bit a
little bit more
in his world view oh God here we go
there was no reason for a man not to
like a woman as long as she was good
looking
the women who should be spurned were the
ones who were playing or who
would not sleep with him I'm really
looking forward I'm really looking
forward to it
we all know what it is
I am anticipating that with great relish
especially since I know that it is
evidently just way more brutal in the
book than it was in the show and the
show was already satisfying enough
that's actually one of my favorite
episodes in the entire series episode
20. know it off the top of my head
foreign
the anticipation is great
obvious if you think about it when Ling
Zhao explained the [__] was so
aggressive she's clearly a woman yet she
went around waving that whip of hers all
day and slapping people's faces so ill
bread dang fang man really had the worst
luck to marry a woman like that and be
dragged down by her
indeed When Chow chimed in women I say
should be like my JoJo livable and
obedient gentle and adorable and
wholeheartedly on my side
waggling jow giggles
listening to these revolting uncouth
vulgarities shook with both grief and
anger he was worried that Zhang Chung
would go berserk but he was stiff as a
stone as if he'd passed out from the
sheer weight of his despair
Wang Ling Zhao muttered under her breath
of course I only side with you who else
would I side with
just then another voice interjected when
gungji every building has been searched
the count of spiritual weapons is over 2
400.
they are currently being sorted
that was the property of lotus Pier the
belongings of the Jang family
When Chow laughed heartily great
fantastic Times Like These call for a
grand celebration let's have a feast
here tonight make the best use of
everything
congratulations to gongji for becoming
the master of lotus Pier wailing jazz
simperd
what Lotus Pier change the name when
chow said tear down all the doors with
that nine petal Lotus Insignia and have
them replaced with the wind clan of
chishen's son ciao come here and perform
your best song and dance for me
could not bring themselves to continue
listening [__] me neither they hopped
off the wall hobbling and stumbling away
from Lotus Pier but even after running a
long way they couldn't shake off the
merry chatter of the crowd at the
drilling ground a woman's coquettish
singing voice wafted cheerfully over
Lotus Pier like a poisoned blade slicing
their ears and hearts again and again
they could run thousands of meters in
one breath when Zhang Chung abruptly
came to a halt
what are you doing don't go back Jang
Chung shook off his hand don't go back
what are you saying you're telling me
not to go back my parents bodies are
still in Lotus Pier am I just simply
leave them there where else can I go if
not back
wait wishan tightened his grip on him
what can you do if you go back
they killed Jiang shishu and Madame you
it's certain death for you if you go
back
then so be it James screamed at him go
[__] off if you're scared to die but
don't block my way
way we should move to tackle him it's
never too late to take revenge their
bodies must be retrieved but not right
now
Dodge deciding counter-attacked if not
now then when I've had enough of you
[__] off
Jang shushu and Madame you told me to
look after you weibusan shouted
variously they want you to be well shut
up Jing Chung ruled angrily he shoved
him hard why
would Shan tumbled into the grass and
Zhang Chung pounced on him he lifted
waywashan by the collar and shook him
incessantly why why why are you happy
now are you satisfied Jing Chung's eyes
were bloodshot as he closed his hands on
way wushan's neck and began to squeeze
why did you have to save Lan Wang Ji
oh I don't think we had that line in the
show oh
babe sweetie sugar honey
overcome by grief and rage Jan Chang had
lost his mind and couldn't control his
strength way wishen tried to pry off his
wrists ching chong
pinned him to the ground and snarled at
him why did you have to save Len Wang ji
why did you have to meddle when you
could have stayed out of it how many
times have I told you not to stir up
trouble not to fight do you like playing
the hero so much do you see what happens
when you play Hero huh are you happy now
and the rest die then so be it let them
die what does it matter to us if they
die what has it got to do with our
family so why why go die
go and die all of you go and die
waywashen's face was red from
suffocation
the hands strangling him suddenly
loosened their grip
Jing Chung level to glare at HIM Tears
tumbling down his cheeks from deep
within his throat escaped the sorrowful
anguished moan of one near death
no I wasn't going to be able to
I was hoping somehow it like wasn't in
here and it was just something brutal
that they put in the show but no
I want my parents
my mom and dad he wept
foreign
for his father and his mother but it
didn't matter who he asked
they would never return to him again
weibusan wept as well the two slumped
back on the grass and watched each other
cry
bitter tears
deep down Zhang Chung knew very well
that even if weibu Shan had not saved
Lang Wang ji in the shuangua Slaughter's
cave at Mount Mushi
the ones would have found a reason to
come knocking sooner or later yes that's
exactly [__] it
but he couldn't help but think that had
it not been for wavy Shan perhaps it
wouldn't have happened so soon how
perhaps there would have still been time
to salvage the situation
that perhaps was agonizing with no
Outlet to vent them his remorse and fury
consumed him and tore him apart with
grief
when Dave
when day broke Zhang Chung was almost
lifeless
he had somehow managed to sleep a bit
that night primarily because he was so
exhausted from weeping that he
involuntarily passed out
the secondary reason was his Delirious
hope that this was all just a nightmare
he desperately hoped to open his eyes
and find himself lying in his own room
and load his spear
his father would be there sitting in the
Hall reading as he polished his sword
his mother would be there losing her
temper and grumbling as she scolded away
with Shan for winking and pulling funny
faces
his older sister would be crouched in
the kitchen dazed and racking her brain
for what to cook today
his fellow shitty would be there
shirking their morning lessons and
bouncing around
he did not wake up to any of these
scenes
instead after being exposed to the cold
wind all night he awoke with a splitting
headache and found himself curled up in
the overgrown grass behind a desolate
and remote Hillside
was the first to move with some
difficulty he pushed himself up hands on
his thighs
let's go he said in a hoarse voice
Chang remained Motionless
waywashan tried again he reached out to
pull him up let's go
where Jing Chung asked his voice dry and
raw
to the you Clan at mayshan to look for
shiji
Zhang Chung waved away his outstretched
hand after a moment he pushed himself up
and slowly stood both set off in the
direction of mission traveling on foot
along the way they both Force themselves
to keep their spirits up
their Gates were heavy as if they
carried a mighty burden on their
shoulders as if as if
as if
Jang Chun kept his head lowered the
entire way he kept his right arm pressed
close to his heart
stroking the ring on his index finger
zidian the only remaining Memento of his
loved ones he kept looking back in the
direction of lotus Pier staring back at
what had once been his home but was now
reduced to a nest of devils
again and again he looked back as if he
would never Tire of looking
as if he would always Harbor a tiny bit
of Hope
all the while tears poured ceaselessly
from his eyes
they had fled in a hurry and brought no
rations with them after walking for half
a day they started to feel dizzy it was
clear they had overexerted themselves
and so they left the desolate Wilderness
and entered a small City
weirushen glanced at Zhang Chung seeing
his utter exhaustion and reluctance to
keep moving around
go sit down I'll find us I'll go find us
some food
Jang Chung didn't say a word nor did he
nod
all throughout the Trek that day he'd
only said a few words total to weiwishan
before walking away weibusin repeatedly
exhorted him to sit still and not to
move
at least they weren't too short of money
he had a habit of hiding Small Change in
various corners of his clothes which
came in handy now
he walked around and bought food and dry
rations to prepare for the long journey
ahead it took him less than an incense
time to grab everything after which he
immediately returned to the spot where
they'd separated
but Zhang Chung was gone
way way Shan carrying an armful of
steamed buns biscuits and fruit panicked
for a moment before he forced himself to
keep calm and search the nearby trees
when he still didn't see Jing Chung that
was when he truly panicked he grabbed a
nearby cobbler sir there was a young
Master about my age sitting here earlier
did you see where he went
the cobbler spoke around the thick
thread between his purse lips
the one with you earlier yeah replied I
didn't get a good look since I've got
work to attend to but he was staring at
the people walking by the next time I
looked up he was suddenly gone I suppose
he left
wait with Shan mumbled
left he left
he must have gone back to Lotus Pier to
steal the bodies
like a man gone mad way Wu Shan took it
to his heels and sprinted back in the
direction they'd come from
the weight of the food he bought slowed
him down and after running for a while
he abandoned it but he was dizzy and
exhausted and his Panic aggravated his
physical distress his knees buckled and
he fell smack on his face into the dirt
tasting soil an overwhelming sense of
powerlessness and hatred welled up in
weibushan's heart he smashed his fist
harder to the ground and screamed only
then did he climb to his feet he turned
back to pick up the steam buns he had
thrown to the ground earlier wiped him
on his chest and wolfed them all down
and only a few bites
he chewed like he was tearing at flesh
as he gulped them down they caught in
his throat and he coughed chest aching
then he picked up a few more and stuffed
them into the folds of his robes keeping
one in hand and continuing to eat it as
he continued his Mad Dash in hopes of
intercepting Zhang Chung
he arrived at Lotus Pier with the bright
moon and a smattering of stars overhead
not once had he caught sight of
zhengchang
hands on his knees as he gasped for
breath we wishen gazed at the brightly
illuminated Lotus Pier from afar blood
climbed up his chest and into his throat
a common side effect of running for a
long time the metallic taste saturated
his mouth and his vision was turning
spotty why didn't I catch up with Jing
Chung where was Shan thought even after
I got some food in me I can only run so
fast he was even more exhausted than me
and had been dealt a harder blow don't
tell me he can run faster than me under
such such circumstances did he really
return to Lotus Pier but if not where
else would he have gone to Mission alone
without me
after taking a moment to catch his
breath and regain his wits he still
decided to head into Lotus Pier to
confirm as she stealthily crept along
the segment of wall a voice in wayu
Shan's heart prayed despairingly please
don't let there be someone on the
drilling ground talking about Jang
Jung's body this time or else I'll or
else I'll
or else what what else could he do
nothing he was powerless Lotus Pier was
destroyed Fang me in and Madam you were
gone and now Jang Chung was missing too
he was all alone he didn't even have a
sword he knew nothing
he could do nothing
for the first time
he realized just how insignificant his
own power was
in the face of a behemoth like the one
clan of jishan he was like a mantis
trying to stop a chariot ambitious and
oblivious and oblivious to his own
pitiable limitations
eyes grew hot as the tears started to
well again
as he turned a corner someone wearing a
blazing sun uniform walked toward him
in a Flash weirushan took them captive
he trapped the person's wrist with his
left hand and grasped their neck with
his right in a hushed voice he
threatened with the most malevolent tone
he could muster don't make noise or I'll
break your neck
the person was completely at his Mercy
it's me they hurriedly said it's me
it was the voice of a Young Man
's first reaction to it was to think
could it be someone I know going
undercover by wearing the one clan
uniform
but this voice was completely unfamiliar
to him he immediately dismissed the
thought and tightened his grip don't try
anything funny
I'm not wagonsi you you can take a look
at my face
look at his face don't tell me he has
something hidden in his mouth that he's
gonna spit at me was on guard as he
warily turned the young man's face to
take a look he had delicate and handsome
features with an air of youthful naivete
he was the young Master of the Wang clan
of chishan whom they had seen while
spying yesterday
don't know him waywashan thought
apathetically
he turned the youth's face back and
continued to throttle him keeping his
voice down he hissed who are you
the young man seemed a little
disappointing I'm I'm winning
who's that inwardly he was thinking who
cares who he is either way he has status
in the clan with him in hand I might be
able to exchange him for Jing Chong
wending spoke slowly and falteringly I
uh a couple of years ago during tushan's
Grand Symposium I I shot arrows
in burned with frustration at his
hemming and hawing he raised you you
what you got a stutter
winning flinched in Fright and
weiwishan's grip looking as if he wanted
to curl into a ball and clutch his
clutch at his own head to protect it
softly he answered he yeah
where was she had had no response to
that
looking at this sad timid little
stuttering figure a vague memory
suddenly returned to him the chishan
grand Symposium the year before last
grand Symposium shooting arrows oh there
was someone wait we shouldn't venture to
guess
you're that when when something the one
who was pretty good at archery
when ning nodded vigorously that that's
me he replied in Delight yesterday I saw
you wagonji and Jen gong ji and I
thought you might come back
you saw me yesterday where was Shane
asked yes winning answered but she
didn't tell anyone way we should
impressed I would never when the
exclaimed I would never tell anyone
it was a rare stutter-free statement
his tone was firm and Resolute as if he
were swearing an oath
but way wishing still wavered uncertain
when ning continued
you're here to find jangungji aren't you
is Zhang Chung inside weywishan
exclaimed winning gave an honest answer
yes
winning oh
translation flub winning gave an honest
answer yes Whitney answered honestly of
course it would be one of the other
way with Shen's mind world as fast as
Lightning when he heard this Zhang Chung
is inside so I'll have to enter Lotus
Pier should I take wending hostage no
use in that one child probably doesn't
like him so it's completely pointless to
hold him hostage and is he lying or not
isn't he a member of the wind Clan but
he really didn't sound the alarm when he
saw us yesterday if I release him will
he betray me can someone so kind-hearted
really exist among the one dogs
if I want to be absolutely sure nothing
goes wrong my only option is
the intent to kill flash through Wei Wu
Shan's mind he had never been one
particularly given to killing but ever
since the tragedy that befell his family
wrath and fury had been smoldering
within him Mercy or benevolence had no
place in the situation as Grave as this
by applying just a bit of force to his
right hand
he could break when ning's neck
as weiwishan's thoughts swirled Wendy
asked have you returned to save Changi
Wei buchan's fingers curled what do you
think he retorted frostily
surprisingly wending smiled though he
did so nervously uh I knew it I I can
help you save him
for a second thought he'd misheard
astonished you blurted you you'll help
me save him
yes right now winning said I can bring
him out right now when chow and the rest
have gone out
we wish I encrypt him can you really
yes wending assured I I'm considered a
junior of the way of the wing Clan
there's a group of sex disciples under
my command who will heed my orders
heed your orders we wish and snapped to
kill people no no no no we're winning
Harley explain himself the sick
disciples under me would never kill
people at random I've never killed
anyone from the Jang Clan either I only
hurried here after I heard what happened
at Lotus Pier really
stared at him what is he up to is he
lying or just feigning civility
this is ridiculous does he think me a
fool
the frightening thing however was that
he was honestly beside himself with joy
at having found a lifeline
he harshly cursed himself foolish
useless absurd outrageous fanciful
however he was just one person with no
sword or spiritual weapons and there
were hundreds and thousands of
cultivators from the wenclan stationed
here
and possibly when juhu as well he wasn't
afraid to die only afraid that he
couldn't save Jiang Chung before he did
he was afraid he'd end up letting down
Jang fang mean and Madam you who'd
entrusted Zhang Chung to him
with things being what they were the
only one he could pin his hopes on was
this when he'd met a grand total of
three times
Jesus Christ okay
all right okay
wait wishan licked his parched lips and
said his voice rough
then can you
can you help me
help me retrieve sect leader Jang and
Madame use bodies
without realizing it he had also begun
to stammer he was midway through his
sentence when he realized he was still
gripping wending threateningly and
hastily released the young man he had a
contingency plan however if wending fled
and yelled the moment he released him
wait with Shan was ready to immediately
split his head open
however winning turned around and said
in all seriousness I'll I'll definitely
do my best
his mind in a muddle we wishen waited as
he paced in circles he thought what's
wrong with me have I gone mad why is
Wendy helping me and why should I trust
him what if he's lied to me and Zhang
Chung isn't inside at all no it's best
if he isn't inside
before an incense time had passed waning
re-emerged soundlessly with someone on
his back the person was covered in blood
and motionless their face ghastly pale
and their eyes shut tight it was none
other than Zhang Chung
he held a hand under Zhang Chung's nose
still breathing
wending extended a hand away with
Shannon placed something in his palm
gzidian I've brought that too because he
is MVP
I'm fine it's fine
recalling that he had harbored the
intent to kill wending earlier wait
wishan didn't know what else he could
say
thank you he mumbled you're welcome
waiting replied
as for as for Zhang shangshan and Madame
used bodies I've already had them moved
and will transport them to you later
it's it's inadvisable to stay for too
long you should go now
without needing him to say another word
took Jan Chang and lifted him onto his
own back
the first thing he noticed was the
bloody whip wound across Zhang Chung's
chest the discipline whip way wishan
exclaimed
yes when in confirmed When Chow got his
hands on on the Jang Clan's disciple
with whoo let's try that again when chow
got his hands on the Jang Clan's
discipline whip Jang gong ji has other
injuries as well
we wish and felt around on Zhang Chung
he had at least three broken ribs and
who knew what else
That Couldn't yet be seen
when when chow returns and realizes what
happened he will definitely hunt for
both of you around young mung when
Whitney added Wei if you trust me I can
show you a good place to hide
Jing Chung was seriously injured in an
urgent need of treatment and rest they
definitely couldn't be on the move and
missing meals as they had been before we
wish and saw no other way out of the
this impossible predicament than relying
on when ning
just a day ago he would never have
dreamed he and Zhang Chung would have to
rely on a wen's help to escape
he might even have died rather than
submit
but now away with Shan could only say
thank you
wending waved his hands no no need for
thanks we're going to see this way I I
have a boat
carrying Jing Chang on his back way
wishen found the boat when ning had
hidden and placed Zhang Chung in the
cabin Wendy clinged Zhang Chung's wounds
before applying medicinal powder and
bandaging them seeing him move with such
practice skill way wishen couldn't help
but recall how the young man had looked
back when he'd seen well when he'd seen
him at the chishan Grand
start that one again too weibusan
couldn't help but recall how the young
man had looked back when he had seen him
at the chishan Grand symposium
it was the same Symposium where he'd
scored in the top four for archery
alongside Lan Wang ji lanci Chen and
jinxi Swan before the archery
competition had started that day he'd
been wandering around nightless city by
himself as he walked he'd passed through
a small garden and suddenly heard the
reverberations of a bowstring
weirushan had entered the garden through
the trees brushing aside the leaves as
he crept along he'd seen a young man in
lightweight lightweight white robes
standing there aiming his bow at a
Target in front of him right before he
released the string
the young man's side profile was
delicate and refined in his posture as
he drew the bow was both beautiful and
perfectly correct
the target's red painted center was
densely packed with arrows and his
latest shot had joined the crowd there
as well to think he had not missed a
single shot that's some Sharp Shooting
cheered
seeing his shot had flown true the young
man pulled another arrow from the quiver
on his back he had his head down about
to knock the Arrow when he unexpectedly
heard weirushan's unfamiliar voice
startled
his hand shuddered and the arrow fell to
the ground waywashen walked out from
behind the flower bed with a smile which
of the wind Clan's young masters are you
that was marvelous beautiful great
shooting there I've never seen anyone
from your clan who could shoot before he
could finish the young man abandoned his
bow and arrows and fled from sight
weiwu Shen was struck momentarily
speechless then he stroked his chin am I
that dashing so dashing that I scared
him away
he didn't take the incident to Heart
dismissing it as a curious sighting the
competition was about to start so he
returned to the square there was a
commotion on the when Clan side
wait with Shan asked Jiang Chung how can
their Clan stir up so much trouble
organizing a symposium there's drama
every day what's the matter now what
else Jing Chang scoffed the number of
competition spots is limited they're all
fighting over who gets to participate
after a pause he continued
contemptuously that group of wins are
all equally terrible archers it's going
to be like that no matter who
participates why would fighting over it
make any difference
from the other end of the square When
Chow barked one more one more we're
still one short last spot the young man
in white from before who was also
standing among the wind cut among the
one clan crowd
ah sorry wow I'm gonna get this sentence
right and then we are indeed going to
take a 10 minute break for me to
apparently reset my brain
the young man in white from before was
also standing among the one crowd
there we go
we are at
the top of 142
whoosh
we're gonna take about 10 minutes it's
four I will be back around 4 10.
let's reset breathe deep there's
probably some more tragedy in the second
part of this live stream as well I can't
exactly remember we all know mxtx she
loves to come out of the blue and
collaborous so
um we're not I'm not gonna say part two
is gonna be more like light-hearted and
a good time and we could all cleanse
ourselves
but at the very least
some of
some of today's worst tragedy
is now behind us so let's go cry for 10
minutes and then we'll come back
refreshed and brand new and with a
stretched back
so I will be back in about 10 minutes
and then you realize that the thing the
uh uh the image that you use to go to a
break
you moved it the other day so they of
course wouldn't know
where
it is the program wouldn't know where it
is
to go to break which means I get to set
it up again
as if it's a brand new thing
one second
you know the stream was going too
smoothly is the thing
so what we had to do was screw it up
there we go
aha
now I will be right back
foreign there we are
we have returned assuming I can still be
seen and heard
so
we were at
where the heck we were at the top of
something
142.
yeah I think we were towards the top of
one
42 still seen and heard
we like that in a live stream
and where am I going to put the I'll put
it there
alrighty
going right back into it because I do
have to end a little bit early today
because I've got to do some heads up
videos for uh devil judge today because
I forgot to do them on Tuesday
alrighty we were
oh right yeah the sentence that I
couldn't uh get out and then I got it
out so
he looks left and right then mustered up
enough courage to lift his hand but he
didn't hold it up high enough and he
didn't dare to shout out his own name as
the others did it was only after he'd
been shoved around for a while that
someone noticed him and marveled aloud
Chung Lin you want to particip you want
to participate too that young man named
Chung Lin nodded someone else laughed
I've never even seen you hold a bow
before what are you doing trying to
participate in this competition don't
waste the spot
when chanyeol
when Chung Lin seemed to want to defend
himself but that person continued all
right enough don't try to sign up just
for the novelty of it the results are
going to be officially counted it won't
be my business if you go and humiliate
yourself
humiliate if there's anyone in the when
Clan who can save the lot of you on any
face it's him
the disdain in the person's tone came
too easily and it incurred way with
Shan's displeasure to hear he raised his
voice who said he's never held a bow
before he has and he's very good at it
the crowd looked at him with slight
surprise then turned their eyes to the
young man when chengland's face was
somewhat failed to begin with and
suddenly having everyone's attention on
him turned it beat red in no time his
pitch black eyes stared hard at
weiwishan way wishen walked over hands
clasped behind his back when you're
doing a pretty good job of it earlier in
the garden
When Chow turned around and wondered
dubiously really you're good at archery
why did I never hear about this
quietly I am I only started just started
training recently
his voice was soft and also halting as
if he was preparing for someone to cut
him off anytime which indeed happened
often
When Chow impatiently interrupted him
alright then there's a Target there go
ahead and show us if you're good you're
in if not get out of the way
the area around Wen Chung Lin was
vacated in no time his grip on the boat
tightened as he looked pleadingly left
and right seeing how lacking he was in
self-confidence why we shouldn't patted
him on the shoulder relax just shoot as
you did before
when tranglin gave him a grateful look
took a deep breath and Drew the bow but
as soon as he did waywishan shook his
head inwardly and thought no good
when chocolate had likely never shot an
arrow in the presence of other people he
was shaking all over from his arm to his
fingertips the arrow hurtled forth and
missed the target totally the winds
watching him jeered how is this good I
can shoot better than that when my eyes
closed alright let's stop wasting time
hurry up and pick someone
when chungling's face flushed all the
way to his ears he didn't even need the
others to wave him away as he fled
mortified way with Shan chased after him
right what are you running away for
Hearing Way with Shane called after him
when chungland stopped and turned around
he hung his head looking deeply ashamed
sorry
why are you apologizing to me wait
wishan wondered clearly feeling guilty
Wang Chung Lin explained you you
recommended me but I made you lose face
what face is there for me to lose maybe
Shan asked you don't really shoot in
front of others right were you were you
nervous just now
when tranglin nodded and wavy Shan said
have some confidence in yourself I'll be
honest with you you shoot better than
anyone else in your clan and of all the
SEC disciples I've seen there are no
more than three who are better than at
archery than you
Jing Chung walked over what are you up
to now three what maybe Shan pointed at
Jing Chung there this one for example
he's not as good as you and archery
flew into a rage you're dead
the way we shouldn't accepted a blow
from him without even batting an eyelash
he continued it's true there's honestly
nothing to be nervous about practice in
front of others more often and you'll
get used to it next time you'll
definitely make them see you in a new
light
when chungling was probably a junior
from a collateral branch of a collateral
branch of the wind Clan his status was
neither High nor low but he was a timid
hesitant person with low self-esteem who
stuttered when he spoke
he had finally mustered the courage to
join the competition after much practice
but had blown his chance because he was
too nervous without proper guidance this
boy might withdraw even further from the
world never daring to show his skills in
the presence of others again
identifying a little bit touch
with him now
a little much
um
at me next time mxdx
way with Shan said a few words of
encouragement then briefly mentioned
some key points that needed to be
brought to his attention correcting a
few minor bad habits he'd noticed when
he was shooting arrows in the garden
when tranglin listened with wrapped
attention at nodding Non-Stop
how much [__] do you want to spouse
said the competition is starting so
hurry up and get your ass to the arena
said to win chungling seriously I'm off
to the competition now you can watch How
I shoot in the field
Jing Chung impatiently dragged him away
clicking his tongue as he did watch what
you think you're a role model Shen
pondered the question and responded in
an amazed tone yeah am I not
wait bushan I've never seen anyone as
Shameless as you
and scene there's a page break so like
literally and scene
we are in the middle of page 145
remembering their first encounter
weibusan's gaze shifted from one ning to
zhengchang he was still drenched in
blood I still shut tight his hands were
reflexively clenched into Fists
they traveled but they first traveled by
water taking the boat down the river and
then swapped to land via a horse
carriage when ning had prepared the next
day they arrived in yelling
winning summoned dozens of sex disciples
and personally escorted both of them to
a large Splendid mansion with a
courtyard
he snuck them through the back entrance
and led Wei Wu shed to a small house on
the mansion's grounds wending had only
just turned to close the door when we
wishan caught him by the neck again
before he even had a chance to draw
breath
what is this place where we shared
question in a hushed voice even though
wending had saved them he couldn't let
his guard down around the winds he kept
a constant eye on wending and they'd
passed quite a few ruins full of people
conversing with chuchen accents as they
moved through the mansion
eavesdropping on a few isolated ooh art
Eve's dropping on a few isolated phrases
that leaked through the gaps around the
windows and doors he'd cut the words
OverWatch office
no I flustered winning waved his hands
know what wait was Chan pressed isn't
this the OverWatch office in yuling
which unlucky Clan's territory did the
wins occupy this time what exactly did
you want to accomplish by bringing us
here
wedding tried his best to explain
to me this is an OverWatch office but
but I never meant to harm you if I
wanted to I could have gone back on my
word last night as soon as I entered
Lotus Pier there would be no need to
lure both of you here
Wayward shine had been wound tight and
on edge the past few days unable to
relax for a single moment his thoughts
were confused and whirling leaving him
skeptical despite wending's reasonable
response
this is indeed the OverWatch office
wending added if there's one place that
the one clan won't search it's here you
can stay here just don't let anyone find
you
the way we shouldn't paused briefly
before he finally forced himself to
release his grip he met her to thank you
and a sorry under his breath then lay
Jiang Chung on the wooden bed in the
room at that moment the door to the room
suddenly opened and a woman's voice rang
out I was just about to go looking for
you you better give me a good
explanation when ning had just told them
they mustn't be discovered and now
they've been caught wavushan promptly
broke out in a cold sweat and moved to
the to block the bed wending was so
startled he couldn't utter a word
oh look
it's winching oh hang on gotta click
over
putting in
ah the tree up at the top
just everybody everybody's like robes
and [__] oh
I tell you if they ever came out with
like some special Deluxe like full color
version of this it's like same thing but
it's like all full glossed out art I
would [__] buy it again
I absolutely would
without hesitation
we are at the top of 148.
both were frozen in place as they stared
at the young woman standing in the
doorway or rather the young woman her
skin was slightly tanned and though her
face was sweet it was turned up in a
haughty expression she wore a blazing
sun uniform with flames so vividly red
it looks like her sleeves and collar
were a dancing Inferno
this clearly marked her as someone of
extremely high rank in the when Clan a
rank on par with Wen Chao
the three of them Stood Still as statues
as they faced each other until frantic
footsteps came from outside we wishen
steeled himself and was just about to
make a move when the young woman
unexpectedly beat him to it she slammed
the door shut with a heavy thud shutting
herself out
chief officer when what's going on
someone asked outside nothing my other
my younger brother is back
they heard the young woman say Cooley
he's feeling low again don't bother him
let's go we'll continue our conversation
when we return
the ones outside the door acknowledged
her command and followed her away
wending breathed a sigh of relief and
then turned away we Shan to explain my
my elder sister
when Ching is your elder sister where we
Shan asked a little embarrassed when
they nodded my elder sister is is very
formidable
indeed she was
when Ching was renowned both within and
without the one clan of toshan she
wasn't the daughter of the head of the
Wen family when Rohan but rather the
descendant of one of his Elder cousins
on the maternal side although they were
distant relatives when Rohan had had a
good relationship with his cousin since
they were children furthermore when
Shing excelled in both the literary arts
and the study of medicine she was highly
favored by Wen Rohan for her talents and
often attended the one clan of chishan's
various year-round Banquets alongside
him
that was why we wishen was able to
recognize her after all she was quite
beautiful yeah yeah she was he had heard
somewhere that she might have an older
or younger brother but no one really
talked about him perhaps because he was
far less exceptional than Wen ching
you're really wenching's little brother
where was Shane Aston Wonder
winning thought he was astonished that
such an unremarkable younger brother
would be associated with such an
outstanding famous elder sister
is formidable not not me though he
admitted no no you're impressive too
wait we shade of short I'm just amazed
that your older sister is Wen Ching the
chief officer and you still dare to
bring us just then Jang Chung stirred on
the bed and slightly furrowed his brow
wait with Shan immediately turned around
to check on him Jing Chung he's waking
wending hardly said he needs treatment
I'll go
decoct
I'll go decoct some medicine 99 sure
that's how it's pronounced
I don't think I've ever actually seen
that word before
I have to look that up later
he stepped out and closed the door
behind him way with Shane was overjoyed
at first that Zhang Chung had finally
started to come around after being
unconscious for so long but he quickly
realized something was amiss
Jang Chung's expression was odd it was
too calm much too calm he stared at the
ceiling as if he was not in the least
bit interested in his current
circumstances he seemed completely
indifferent to where he was
had not expected such a reaction from
him sorrow Delight rage shock none of
those emotions seem present at all his
heart leaped into his throat
can you see me can you hear me do you
recognize who I am
Jameson glanced at him and said nothing
wait wishan tried asking him a few more
questions finally Jake Chung propped
himself up on his elbows he looked down
at the wound from the discipline whip on
his chest and let out a bitter laugh
when the discipline whip struck there
was no removing the mark of Shame
against his own conscience said don't
look we'll we'll find a way to get rid
of it
struck a palm at him the strike was so
weak and feeble that weibusan did not
even sway
hit me all you want as long as it makes
you feel better
did you feel it Jing Chung asked wait we
should was momentarily taken aback what
feel what
my spiritual power did you feel it James
pressed him
what spiritual power away with Shane
asked you didn't use spiritual power at
all
I did
what exact what did you say
jinxing repeated himself word for word I
said I used it I used all my spiritual
power and then some for that strike so
I'm asking you did you feel it
we wish and stared at him falling quiet
after a moment he said
try hitting me again
forget it Jiang Chung told him no matter
how many times I hit you the result will
be the same
do you know why core melting hand is
called that
way wishan's heart sank
because his hands can dissolve golden
cores and render the victims unable to
form new ones Jang Chun continued
their spiritual power will dissipate
reducing them to nothing more than
ordinary humans and an ordinary human in
a cultivation Clan is good for nothing
they can only live out the rest of their
common lives abandoning all dreams of
ever ascending higher
when julieu dissolved mom and Father's
golden cores once they lost the ability
to fight back he killed them
weibusan's mind was in turmoil at a loss
as to what to do he murmured core
melting hands core melting hands Jing
Chung laughed grimly
when Julio when Julio I want to seek
revenge I have to but how can I I don't
even have a golden core anymore and I'll
never be able to form a new one again so
how am I gonna take revenge
wait with Shane's legs gave out from
under him he stared at Jang Chung he
seemed to have gone insane world's words
failed him
no one knew better than him just how
competitive Zhang Chung was how much he
valued his own cultivation and spiritual
power and with a single strike core
melting hand had shattered his
cultivation self-esteem and hope for
Revenge to smithereens
Zhang Chung howled with laughter like a
madman he laid back down on the bed with
his arms spread open and abandoned
himself to despair whatever Shannon why
did you save me what's the point of
saving me to let me live on uselessly
while I watched the wedding dogs run
rampant
when ning re-entered just then carrying
a bowl of medicinal decoction
he walked over to the bed with what
appeared to be a differential smile on
his face but before he could say a word
that blazing sun uniform entered Zhang
Chung's field of vision his pupils
instantly shrank
kicked out at wending spilling the bowl
of black decoction all over him wait
wishan tried to catch the bowl of
medicine as it overturned and helped
pull the Petrified when ning back while
he was at it Jang Chung snarled at him
what's wrong with you
winding was so frightened he staggered
backward Zhang Chung grabbed way Within
by the collar and shouted in his face
why don't you kill when dogs when you
see them and you even helped him up do
you have a death wish
although he exerted all the strength he
had in him his hands were still weak way
bushan Broke Free of his grip in no time
and it was then that Zhang Chung seemed
to notice where he was
he scans his surroundings and asked
rarely where is this place wending
answered From The Far Side of the room
the yielding OverWatch office but it's
very safe OverWatch office Jiang Chung
Whirled around to accuse Wei Wu Shen you
willingly walked into their trap no way
wishen denied no jing-chang snap then
what are you doing in an OverWatch
office how'd you get here don't tell me
you turned to a wedding dog for help
wait we shouldn't grabbed hold of him
Jing Chung Don't Panic it's safe here
clear your head a little core melting
hand might be able to undo Jang Chang
was completely deaf to anyone's words
he was half insane as he choked way we
Shan and broke out in hysterical
laughter you
suddenly a Red Shadow kicked the door
open and dashed inside
a streak of silver flash as her Palm
struck down it was a needle and it had
been jabbed into Zhang Chung's head
he immediately slumped backward wenching
spun around and closed the door
and hush tones she rebuked her brother
angrily when ning how foolish can you be
you let him cackle and Carry On and
cause such a commotion do you want to be
discovered
Gigi when being said in Delight as have
he just seen his savior don't you GG me
winking wenching scolded I haven't
gotten to the part where I asked you
when you became so audacious to think
you'd dare hide people here I was
investigating this earlier no wonder you
suddenly wanted to go to Young mung you
really are a gutsy one who gave you such
courage if one Chao finds out what
you've done he'll tear you apart do you
think I can stop him if he's really
determined to get rid of someone
she spoke rapidly but articulately her
tone so strong and forceful that it
brooked no argument weibusan couldn't
find a single opportunity to cut in
that's impressive if Wayward Shane can't
interrupt you
that's an achievement that's like
achievement unlocked right
wedding's face was as pale as snow
GG but wagonji you did it out of
gratitude which is justifiable I won't
say a word more on the matter winching
said sternly but those two can't stay
here you went over there then left so
suddenly and they went missing right
after do you think one Chao is that
stupid sooner or later they'll come
looking here this is the OverWatch
office under my jurisdiction and this is
your room if the others discovered you
harbored them here what charge do you
think they'll convict you of think about
it
she listed the stakes so clearly it was
as though she'd pointed at weibusin's
nose and told him bluntly to get lost to
leave and not burden them further
if weibusan had been the one injured or
if it had been someone else who had
saved them he would have had no qualms
about bidding farewell and leaving right
away but it was Jang Chung who was
injured he'd lost his core and was
utterly out of his mind with Jing Trung
like this Wei Shen could not bring
himself to leave
besides it was the one clan who'd gotten
them into this mess to begin with he
couldn't take it lying down
and so wavushan could only grit his
teeth and keep silent
but but the when Clan wending began what
the Wen Clan does is not representative
of what we do
when Chang interrupted him put that just
put that that should be above or below
like every single image
of wenching and winning
that is that is their catchphrase that
is their line that is their that is
their subtitle that is that is
everything
all at once and one nice little clear
line
the sins of the one clan are not ours to
Bear weighing don't look at me oh wow
then you had to follow it up with [__]
you mxtx weighing don't look at me like
that every dad has its own debtor I'm
the chief officer here in uling and I
was ordered to assume the post I'm a
doctor and I have never killed anyone
much less have the blood of your Jang
clan on my hands
that was the truth way we shouldn't have
never heard of wenching killing anyone
only that people won't she'd take over
for their regions
Wen Ching was one of the rare ones who
acted and behaved normally her
reputation had had always been decent
and sometimes she could even put in a
good word for others with Wen Rohan
silence reigned in the room
after a while when Ching said don't pull
out that needle if he's conscious that
boy is sure to throw another fit I could
hear all that yelling and shouting from
outside pull it out when he recovers
then leave as soon as possible I don't
want to deal with Wen Chao especially
that woman attached to him the sight of
her disgusts me
having said that she left the room
decisively
she means we can't stay for long but we
can stay for a few days right wait we
Shane asked winning her only nodded
thank you
a packet of medicinal herbs was tossed
in from outside the door put in some
effort if you really want to thank me
when Ching scolded from afar what the
hell was that medicine you decocted
earlier redo it
the packet of medicinal herbs smacked
right into one ning but he still very
happily said any medicine my sister
prepared is sure to be good a hundred
times better than mine superb for
certain
maybe we can finally relax completely
thank you
weibusan knew the two siblings were
putting themselves at Great risk one by
turning a blind eye and the other by
voluntarily helping them it was just as
wenching had said if wenchao was really
determined to to dispose of someone when
Ching might not be able to stop him and
might even end up a Target herself after
all somebody else's children could never
be compared to one's own
with the needle securely embedded in his
head Zhang Chung slept for three days
his broken bones repaired themselves and
his superficial wounds smoothed over but
he was destined to never fully heal the
Lash from the discipline whip could
never be erased and his golden core
could never be recovered
during those three days Wei Wu Shan
thought things over
after three after three days no there we
go after three days he begged when when
ning farewell he walked for some
distance with Jang Chung on his back and
borrowed a small cabin from a Forester
he closed the door and removed the
Silver Needle from Zhang Chung's head it
was a long time before Jang Chung
finally opened his eyes
though awake he remained motionless not
even flipping over and asking where they
were he wouldn't eat or drink it was as
if he was interested only in dying
do you really want to die wait with
Sharon asked I can't get revenge even if
I live so I might as well die who knows
maybe I can even turn into a malicious
ghost Jang Chung said
you've gone through Soul tranquilization
rights since you were a kid even if you
die you won't turn into a malicious
ghost way wishen commented
since I can't seek revenge Dead or Alive
what difference does it make if I live
or die
after that Jang Chung didn't speak again
Sat by the bed and looked at him for a
while then patted his legs stood up and
began to bustle around evening came and
he finally finished cooking he set the
dishes on the table get up Meal Time
Chang of course ignored him wayushan sat
at the table and picked up a pair of
Chopsticks if you don't replenish your
strength how are you going to get your
golden core back on hearing the words
golden core Jang Chung finally blinked
that's right we wish him continued no
need to doubt it you heard me right I
said get your golden core back
Jang Chung moved his lips his voice dry
and hoarse you have a way I do way
wishan said calmly he turned around
you've known for a long time that my
mother
character's disciple that one simple
sentence lit up Zhang Chung's lifeless
eyes in an instant
the cultivation master who Legends said
had lived for 800 years and otherworldly
master who could revive the Dead
his voice trembled you're saying
repeated clearly I'm saying that I know
which mountain this baushan Embraces in
other words I can take you to find
Bausch and sandrin
but but I thought you didn't remember
anything from your childhood
not that I don't remember anything
explain I haven't forgotten the bits
that were drilled into my mind among
other things I remember a woman's voice
repeating a location to me over and over
the voice said that if I were to find
myself in a desperate predicament with
no other options I could go there and
climb the mountain to ask Leah mortal
for help
instantly rolled off the bed and lunged
at the table
weirushan pushed a bowl and Chopsticks
over to him eat
Jameson clutched at the edge of the
table overwhelmed with emotion he tried
to speak I
eat weibusan said again we'll talk as we
eat or else I won't say a word
jangtan could only clamor onto the bench
pick up the Chopsticks and begin to
shovel rice into his mouth
he had originally lost all hope but with
this turn of events he suddenly saw a
light at the end of the tunnel he was so
worked up with excitement that he seemed
to be on fire he could barely sit still
and didn't even notice that he was
holding his Chopsticks upside down
it was only when we Shan saw him
starting to eat his mind preoccupied
with purpose that he continued I'll take
you there in a few days today Jang Chung
demanded what are you afraid of wait
wishan said do you think a centuries-old
Immortal will poof away in the next few
days the reason I said it'll take a few
days is because there are taboos I must
tell you about if you transgress and
anger the Grand Master it'll all be over
you and I will be goners
stared at him with wide eyes hoping he'd
say more once you go up the mountain you
can't open your eyes and look around
wait we should have continued you can't
memorize the scenery or look at anyone
else's face no matter what the other
party tells you to do you must obey
okay Jing Chung said and the most
important thing weibusan added if you're
asked for your identity you must say you
are the son of Kenzi sandrin you must
never reveal your true identity
okay jingxing said it seems he'd say
okay
his eyes reddened to whatever way we
Shan I asked of him
all right let's eat regain your strength
and energy way we Shane instructed I
have to make some preparations over the
next few days
finally realized he was holding his
Chopsticks upside down and swapped them
over to gobble down a few more mouthfuls
it was so spicy it made his eyes water
and he couldn't help but curse horrible
after being questioned repeatedly for
details about bash and sandrin where we
Shan set off a few days later with jeng
Chung and toe they checked through
difficult they trekked through difficult
terrain and over rivers and finally came
to the foot of a remote mountain in
yelling
the mountain was Lush and green with
beautiful emerald Peaks and Summits
surrounded by clouds and Mists it did
have an air of transcendence but there
were still some discrepancies between it
and the sacred Mountain everyone
imagined
was suspicious one moment he suspected
weibusin was lying to him and the next
that weirushan had heard or remembered
something wrong when he was a child and
the moment after that he'd be worrying
whether they'd ever be able to find it
upon seeing the mountain he started
doubting again is this really where
Bausch and Sandman resides this is
definitely the place where we Shane
replied with conviction what's the use
of lying to you so you'll be happy for a
few days only to take a heavier blow
later
they'd already had a similar exchange
countless times maybe Shane accompanied
him halfway up the mountain all right
from this point onward I can't go with
you
he took out a piece of cloth and
blindfolded Zhang Chung repeatedly
cautioning him you must never ever open
your eyes
there are no predatory beasts on the
mountain walk slowly but even if you
fall you mustn't pull off the blindfold
there is absolutely no room for
curiosity
remember insist that you are weirushan
you know how you should answer whatever
questions you're asked right
his ability to reform his golden core
and seek revenge depended on this
naturally Zhang Chung did not dare be
negligent he nodded nervously then
turned and slowly began to make his way
up
called out after him I'll wait for you
in the town we came across earlier after
watching Zhang Chung slowly Shuffle away
he turned around and took another
mountain path
page break
that probably just blew out all your
headphones I'm sorry page break
at the top of 160
Zhang Chung spent seven days on the
mountain the town where they had agreed
to meet up was in a mountainous region
himself itself very remote with just a
few citizens the streets were narrow and
uneven and there weren't even any
vendors by the roadside ravishan
squatted by the road as he gazed in the
direction of the mountains still not
catching any side of Zhang Chung he
pushed himself up and stood he felt a
wave of dizziness and staggered for a
moment before walking toward the one and
only Tea House in town
the tea house was the only building in
town that was not simple in rudimentary
as soon as he stepped in a waiter came
up to him with a smile can I get you a
drink wait with Shen's mind jolted he
was exhausted having been constantly on
the move for the past few days he hadn't
had the presence of mind to tidy himself
up and probably looked unkempt it would
be a miracle if the staff of a typical
tea house didn't pull faces at the side
of him and boot him out at once this man
rushing over to greet him with such
enthusiasm seemed fake he swept a swift
glance around the Tea House the cashier
stood behind the counter with his head
practically buried in The Ledger seven
or eight people sat scattered across ten
tables many of them wore cloaks and were
drinking tea with their heads down as if
to conceal something
immediately made his decision and turned
to leave but he'd only taken one step
out of the tea house door when a tall
shadowy figure pressed in close and then
one thunderous move struck him in the
chest
he crashed into two tables sending them
flying the waiter and cashier fled in
panic and the seven or eight people
inside removed their cloaks to reveal
the blazing sun uniforms underneath
when Julie Strode over the threshold and
stood before Wei Wu Shan with a pensive
expression he looked at him as he
struggled to stand then at his own Palm
someone kicked way with Shan in the back
of the knee making him fall heavily to
the ground when Chow's face appeared
above him his expression went of cruel
excitement down already you stinking
bastard weren't you quite the jumper in
the shredder of Slaughter's cave just
one strike and you're finished
go on jump around again let's see how
you manage waggling jobs impatient voice
rang out quick when gong ji chop off his
arm he still owes us an arm
no no no no no rush When Chow said it
wasn't easy to find this guy cutting off
his arm will make him bleed out and it's
boring if he dies that quickly dissolve
his core first I want to hear him scream
like that little bastard Jing Chung did
then dissolve his core and get to
chopping off his arm wailing Zhao
insisted
while they were merrily discussing their
preferred methods weibusan suddenly
coughed up a mouthful of blood sure
whatever torture you people have Bring
It On
you asked for it Wang Wing Jazz said
with a laugh still trying to play the
hero when you're on the verge of death
when child scorned wait we shouldn't
sneered at him it's because I'm on the
verge of death that I'm happy I was
afraid I couldn't die Torture Me if You
Dare the more brutal the better that way
I'll be sure to return as a malicious
ghost and haunt everyone in the when
clan of toshan I'll curse you all and
not allow you a single hour of rest
at those words when chow wavered
descendants of illustrious Clans such as
Jing fing were nurtured by their
families and influenced by their
spiritual weapons from birth as they
matured they underwent countless
oh pardon me they underwent countless
Soul tranquilization rights in order to
minimize the trance of them turning into
malicious ghosts after death but way Wu
Shen was different
he was the son of a servant he hadn't
been with the Jane Clan since birth and
so he hadn't had the opportunity to
undergo a full Suite of Soul
tranquilization rights if he died full
of resentment that corrupted his
lingering Soul into a malicious ghost
bent on haunting them that would indeed
be a headache
the more torment he suffered in life and
the crueler and more drawn out that
torment was the more Savage and
unmanageable his malicious ghost would
be in death
seeing this hesitation Wang Ling Zhao
hurriedly piped up Wayne gongxi don't
listen to his nonsense it's not
it's not turn right into a malicious
goes after death the time in place and
conditions all have to be right or he
won't be able to manage it besides even
if he really does pull it off don't tell
me the win clan of Chichen can't handle
one wandering ghost haven't we been
hunting him all this time specifically
to punish him or are we going to let him
off just because he bluffed
she had half a brain cell I don't like
it when she has half a brain cell
of course not when chow said
knowing that death was all but certain
way wishan felt increasingly calm the
bone deep hatred in him hardened into a
determination as cold as iron
his expression made wind Chow displeased
but it also made his hair stand stand on
end
he kicked way with Shan in the stomach
still pretending huh who are you trying
to scare stop pretending to be a hero
somebody tells him that one more [__]
time
the SEC disciples followed suit and
pummeled him it was only when when chow
felt they'd done enough that He barked
enough Wei Shan coughed up another
mouthful of blood he thought furiously
time to deal the killing blow
dying is all the same no worse than
living and my odds of turning into
eventual malicious ghost are one in
three to his surprise he felt incredibly
excited by the prospect but when ciao
said wigging you consider yourself a
dauntless man who fears nothing one who
is both Brave and mighty don't you
huh wait we shouldn't sounded surprised
so when dogs can actually manage to say
something that makes sense oh
oh [__]
when Chow's fist slammed down he grinned
nastily go on mouth off all you want I
gotta see how long you can keep up that
heroic Act
he ordered his men to see his way with
Shan when Julia walked over and picked
him up off the ground
wait with Shen strained to raise his
head to look at the man who had killed
Jang fengmian and Madame you and Destroy
zhangjung's golden core he seared his
face and his indifferent expression into
his mind
the when Clan group took off on their
swords with Wei Wu Shan in toe the town
in the Ramon Mountain gradually grew
farther and farther away even if
zhengchang descends the mountain he
won't find me way we Shan thought why
are they flying so high in the air to
throw me to my death from the clouds
after flying for some time a Black
Mountain suddenly broke through the
layers of snow white clouds it was
wreath in an ominous deathly Aura as if
it were a gargantuan thousand-year-old
corpse
even laying eyes on it from afar struck
Terror into one's heart
When Chow stopped over this mountain
weighing do you know what this what this
place is he laughed cruelly this place
is called the burial mounds
the name caused a chill to creep up Wei
Wu Shen's spine the burial mounds are
right here in yuling When Chow continued
you people from Young mung must have
heard that name before this is a
mountain of corpses an ancient
Battleground stick a shovel in any spot
on the mountain and you'll unearth a
corpse any unnamed corpses are also
wrapped in mats and thrown here
the formation of Swords slowly descended
closer to the mountain look at all this
dark energy when chow said the hatred is
intense isn't it and the resentment too
even the when Clan can't do anything
about it we can only close it off and
prohibit anyone from entering
it's daytime now but once night falls
all manner of creatures will wake inside
when a living person enters this place
there's no coming back for the body or
the soul they can forget about ever
escaping
he grabbed weibusan's hair with a nasty
grin he enunciated every word of his
next statement
you too can forget about ever escaping
and with that he threw Wei Wu Shan off
the sword
I was just reminded
with the description of the burial
mounds I'll go and look it up
but there was a um there was a monologue
from Shakespeare that I did in uh
College as an assignment and it was from
Titus andronicus and um it was this uh
uh matriarch who um like the whole the
whole monologue is actually [__]
like she's bullshitting all this stuff
that supposedly happened to her right
because she's using it as like
justification for all the awful crap
that they're about to do to blah blah
blah
so what she actually describes isn't
actually a thing that existed but like
what she describes is so unbelievably
heinous like it's a really fun monologue
to do
um
but the description is just so dark and
terribleness of her it's of her being in
a place that is just hellish and deathly
and like sanity wearing and just [__]
awful
I really need to look up that monologue
because I'm sure there's some like the
the whole thing but I'm sure there are
some Choice phrases that could really be
used to describe the burial mounds and
like that would make a great like gift
set or something
you know
oh I really gotta I gotta look that up
now I can't believe I can't think of
anything off the top of my head
damn I had to sing it too
my teacher made me sing it I made the uh
horrible mistake
of telling her he's like you know I'm
not I'm not you know a trained singer
I'm not like a singer but like one day I
would like to do musical theater and you
know be drained and singing and you know
singing in front of people is like
you know obviously a thing and she was
like let's sing your monologue I was
like
but there's
make up my own Melody to Shakespeare and
sing the monologue
okay
and then like God knows how many years
later
it will come in handy from some type of
gift set or observation
about this story through Shakespeare so
you know hey
that is it for today I must go it's yeah
it's almost five I must go
um
same time on Tuesday we're still just
chugging right along we're getting into
the real
rise of
dark Wei Wu Shan which is
some of my favorite [__] so I mean I
mean you know you could also just tell
on the cover that this was going to be
a big thing in this volume
um but I'm just I'm just I'm so excited
we're going through some of my favorite
bits and it's all so [__] good and so
well translated there have been what
two mistakes like on page you can see
mistakes so far in this volume and like
considering the speed at which these
people have to translate that's nuts I'm
sure there's like just like with
previous volumes there might be like one
or two things that accidentally got left
out or something like that
um but like on the whole this is
beautifully translated
and like I'm still continually stunned
by the amazing work that goes into this
um it makes me really excited for um
Guardian is getting an official
translation through the same people
through seven seas they're getting an
official English translation so like I'm
just I'm excited for everything now I'm
excited for all the English translations
just going off of the amazing stuff
they're doing here
um but I will see you guys hopefully on
Tuesday same time same deal
we made it through some tragic stuff we
cried it's fine we're now going to go
into some really really dark [__] so
I'm jazzed see you guys on Tuesday thank
you for stopping in I hope you had fun I
always have so much of a blast that I
almost kind of like feel like I'm having
all the fun but anyway take care of
yourselves I will see you on Tuesday